1.In your own words explain what role agility and architecture play in your group project.
Agility and arcitecture played a good aount of role in our project. Agility means rapid and adaptive response to change
Effective communication among others.
Our aim was to deliver the working model as fast as possible. This defines the agile process. We planned the features and functionality of our project.
Then we made a simple design. After thatnwe hard coded the project.
We built the architecture of the project. It is basically the structure of the system. The framework consisted of how everything was conected, the functions and relationships.
It basically served as a blueprint.


2. What is an NFR, why do businesses not like them? Explain your answer, give specific examples.
a non-functional requirement (NFR) is a specification that describes the system’s operation capabilities and constraints that enhance its functionality.
It is the definition of system functions like security, reliability, performance, maintainence, scalability, and usability.
They act as limitations or restrictions on the design of the system over different backlogs. 

Project teams operate under a number of assumptions, and this is often the main cause of missed non-functional requirements. 
Business analysts think: “We’ve done this a hundred times, so everybody knows…” To assume that the development teams understand important non-functional constraints
leads to  lack of explicit definition and failure to deliver them.

Business analysts often lack experience in technical aspects of software development function of NFR, for example security.
They don't understand the concept so they don't have any clue about the right questions to ask. They might not know how to interpret and document the information they collect.
This lack of knowledge further complicates the concept of NFR.


3.In your own opinion is your team for your group project "Agile" Why or why not? Explain your answer,give specific examples.
According to me our team is Agile.
We respond to the problems and act quickly on it.
We divided the task into short phases and worked on the small parts to make it one whole
Whatever changes we threw in the project, the whole team responded with a positive outcome
Every member was able to throw in some suggestions which worked great for the project as all of us adapted to the new change.
